kneel
None of your lives combined can withstand mine
Hahaha
Ye Ninghai
I really admire your courage to die
You actually said that everyone here is not qualified
Everyone here is not typical.
Which of them can't cause a big earthquake with just a stomp of your feet?
Who do you think you are?
The daughter of the upstart aristocratic family in Shangjing City
Or Mr. Xue, the king of black hearts
Ah!
Compared to this Xue Donglai
I should have asked this trash if he sent the invitation with his eyes closed
Why are all the people invited?
Brainless fool
You've really lost your mind.
Even Mr. Xue dares to scold
No one can save you now
Mr. Xue is not only the president of the Black Gold Group
And he also clenched his fist to kill dozens of top gangs and how much power
And here's the thing.
Mr. Xue has an invincible boss behind him
Let alone Qinzhou
Just look at the whole summer
Who dares to offend so easily?
Mr. Xue's dignity cannot be offended
You have to force this bitch
must fight
In order to maintain the dignity of Mr. Xue
It is my duty to the Li family
And my Wang family is also duty-bound
where
Where?
Throw him out!
Ignorant people
Do you know who he is?